Payday Loans at ACE Cash Express
Payday loans at ACE are a simple, fast, and dependable way to apply for cash.

If approved for a payday loan online, you may be eligible to receive instant funding.
Applying for a loan at ACE does not affect your FICO® Score.†

How Do I Apply for a Payday Loan?
ACE is a top payday lender. Get started today with our hassle-free application process by using the form below. Don't let a less-than-perfect credit score keep you from applying. You will receive an instant decision.1

Apply Now
Start your payday loan application
First Name
Last Name

State
Email Address
Already have an account? Log in here.

Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy      License and Rates

For California residents, click here to learn what personal information we collect and how it is used.

Payday Loan Amounts
Payday loans at ACE are available online and in-store in the states below. If you are approved, the loan amount you may borrow will depend upon your income and our standard underwriting criteria.1  

ONLINE
California: $100 - $255 

Idaho: $100 - $1,000 

Kansas: $100 - $500 

Louisiana: $100 - $300

Texas: $100 - $1,500

ACE STORE
California: $100 - $255 

Florida: $100 - $500 

Indiana: $50 - $825 

Kansas: $100 - $500

Louisiana: $100 - $300 

Missouri: $100 - $500 

Oregon: $100 - $300 

South Carolina: $100 - $550 (in select stores)

Tennessee: $100 - $425 

Online Loan Funding at ACE
If you are approved for a payday loan online, ACE may offer different ways to receive your funds.

Instant Funding to a Debit Card
ACE’s Instant Funding to a debit card is our quickest way to receive your loan proceeds, if you are eligible.2
 

Direct Deposit to a Bank Account
Get cash direct deposited to your bank account overnight.1
 

Cash at an ACE Store
If you are eligible, visit a local ACE store to get same-day cash pick-up.1

Ready to Apply for a Payday Loan?
Already have an account? Log in here.

Payday Loan Uses

Out of funds before payday? An online payday loan (also known as a cash advance) at ACE is a short-term personal loan designed to help with unexpected expenses or emergencies that happen in between paychecks. If approved, the borrower generally repays the loan balance on their next payday.1

A cash advance may help pay for urgent items, such as:

Major home and car repairs

Medical bills

Other unexpected expenses

Benefits of a Payday Loan at ACE
Whether you visit an ACE store or apply for a loan online, we are committed to helping you get the funds you need as quickly as possible if you are approved.1

Easy Application
Our application process is usually faster than applying for a traditional personal loan.1


Instant Decision
ACE provides an instant decision on all payday loan applications, so you will know right away if you are approved.


Convenient
If you are approved at an ACE store, you will receive your funds immediately.1 If approved online, you can have funds delivered instantly to your debit card if eligible2 or direct deposited to your bank account by the next business day, or — depending on your state and if you are eligible — pick up your cash at a store near you!1



Risk-Free
Loans at ACE come with a 72-hour satisfaction guarantee. So if you change your mind, just return the principal within 72 hours and pay nothing more. ACE does not charge a fee to apply.

What Do I Need to Apply
At ACE, anyone can apply for a loan. With our streamlined application process, a few pieces of information is all you need to start your loan application. Please refer to the Payday Loans Requirements page for more details.

Ready to Apply for a Payday Loan?
Already have an account? Log in here.

Payday Loan Questions
What is a payday loan?
How are cash advance loans different from payday loans?
Where can I get a payday loan?
When will the payday loan be due?
How and when can I repay my payday loan?
Why choose ACE for a cash advance?
Does ACE check my credit score when I apply?
Are there personal loan alternatives?

Contact Us
Call Us
(866) ACE-CASH

Email Us
Online Loans Email:
InternetOps@acecashexpress.com


All Other Inquiries:
CustomerService@acecashexpress.com

swoosh-dark-grey
Payday Loans
Installment Loans
Title Loans
Cards
About
Login
Connect with us

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
Employee Login  |  Tax Program Member Login  |  Legal & Privacy  |  Privacy Request Form  |  Populus Privacy Policy (formerly California Privacy Policy)  |  California Privacy Policy - Applicant
INFiN
We are a proud member of INFiN, our national trade association.

CALL US: 866-ACE-CASH

Copyright © 2025 Populus Financial Group, Inc. All rights reserved.

† Applying will not affect your FICO® Score. ACE Cash Express may obtain information from a non-traditional consumer reporting agency and the inquiry may affect your overall credit profile with the applicable agency, but it will not impact your FICO Score.

1. All loans subject to approval pursuant to standard underwriting criteria. Rates and terms will vary depending upon the state where you reside. Not all consumers will qualify for a loan or for the maximum loan amount. Terms and conditions apply. Loans should be used for short-term financial needs only, and not as a long-term solution. Customers with credit difficulties should seek credit counseling. For online loans, approval and funding may require verification of application information. Depending on ability to verify this information, loan funding may be extended up to two days. In-store cash pickup of online loans is subject to approval pursuant to standard underwriting criteria and only available at ACE Cash Express locations in the state where you originated your loan. In-store cash pickup of online loans not available in all states. In-store cash pickup of online loans requires valid, non-temporary government-issued identification. Online and in-store loans not available in all states. Populus Financial Group, Inc. is licensed by the Department of Financial Protection and Innovation pursuant to Financial Code Section 23005(a) of the California Deferred Deposit Transaction Law. Populus Financial Group, Inc., 300 E. John Carpenter Fwy, Ste. 900, Irving, Texas, 75062, ST.760164.000. Loans in Texas arranged by ACE Credit Access LLC and made by, and subject to the approval of, an unaffiliated third-party lender. Populus Financial Group, Inc. is licensed by the Virginia State Corporation Commission, PL-115.

2. If you are approved for the instant funding option and you select that option, your loan proceeds may be available within 30 minutes of loan approval and verification, or funding could take up to 4 hours. Funding times vary based on your bank.  

Our credit or credit services decision on your application may be based in whole or in part on information obtained from a consumer reporting agency, including, but not limited to, Clarity Services, Inc., FactorTrust, Inc., and/or LexisNexis. The inquiry may affect your overall credit profile with the applicable agency, but it will not impact your FICO® Score.
