
Big Picture Loans
HomeRequirements
Requirements
Qualify Online in Minutes! It’s Easy.
 
We’ve helped more than 400,000 people experience a smarter way to borrow! Even if you’ve applied or been turned down in the past, you can apply again now using our quick and confidential application process. If you apply now, you could have the money your account as soon as the next Business Day! *
Big Picture Loans has just a few requirements!
 
Our minimum requirements to qualify for an installment loan are:
Must have back account for installment loan.
BANK ACCOUNT
You must have an open bank account that's in good standing.

Need a valid phone number for installment loan.
PHONE NUMBER
You must be reachable by phone.


email_icon_v2
EMAIL ADDRESS
You must have a valid email address.

Must be at least 18 years old for online installment loan.
18 YEARS OLD
You must be at least 18 years old and a U.S. resident.

Big Picture Loans Requirements
What happens after I click the Apply Now Button?
Here's How It Works
 
 
You will be directed through a simple online application. It's easy, confidential, and can be completed in minutes. Once on the application page, you will:
 
Read consent
Read the Consent to Electronic Communications and Privacy Notice.
Fill out and submit application
If you decide to apply for a loan with Big Picture Loans, you must fill out and submit the application using Big Picture Loans’ secure website. We use industry standard security measures.
Review and electronically sign
Thoroughly review and electronically sign your loan documents and retain a copy for your files.
What happens after I Submit my application?
Almost done! Your application is then reviewed by Big Picture Loans.
We Verify Your Information
We verify your information
A customer service representative may call to verify your information or you can expedite the process by calling us at 1.800.584.4880.
Money Bag - Requirements Page
We deposit your funds
Then We Deposit Your Funds! *
 
If your application for an installment loan is approved*, Big Picture Loans will deposit the loan proceeds into your bank account as early as the Next Business Day. **
Stop wasting time on other loans!
Choose Big Picture Loans and you could get the funds you need in as little as 24 hours*, with no hidden fees.**
Contact Us

Customer Service
Phone: 1.800.584.4880
 
For Questions, Comments, or Complaints:
Email: support@bigpictureloans.com
 
Hours of Operation
Representatives are available to take your call 24-hours a day, 7 days a week.
Representatives will respond to email correspondence during our business hours:
- Monday - Thursday from 7:00 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. CST
- Friday and Saturday from 7:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. CST
- Sunday from 10:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. CST
 
 
Mailing Address
Big Picture Loans
Customer Support
P.O. Box 704
Watersmeet, MI 49969
 
 
Physical Address
Big Picture Loans
E23970 Pow Wow Trail
Watersmeet, MI 49969
Articles of Organization
 New-BPL-Logo-Reverse
Big Picture Loans 2025 | All Rights Reserved
1.800.584.4880


IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR APPLYING FOR A LOAN – To help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, and to comply with Tribal law and the spirit of federal law requiring all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who applies for a loan, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask for your driver’s license number or other identifying documents.

* Loan approval, and amounts are based on minimum income amounts, other credit criteria, and verification of the information you provide during the application process. Big Picture Loans, LLC (“Big Picture Loans®”) will run credit checks on all applicants and may review credit information from specialized credit bureaus. Big Picture Loans reviews and approves all loans on Tribal land at its office located at E23970 Pow Wow Trail, Watersmeet, MI 49969. If your application is verified and approved by 5:00 p.m. CST, you will generally receive an ACH deposit on the next Business Day. Business Day means Monday through Friday excluding all federal banking holidays. The loan documents and authorizations, including the loan agreement, depend on time-sensitive factors. Despite our best efforts, unavoidable delays in the review process can happen. If we are unable to verify your information within two Business Days after you submit your application, the loan documents and authorizations may need to be modified to accurately reflect certain payment disclosures, and you may be required to carefully review and submit new documents reflecting these changes.

** Returned payments, late payments, and non-payments may result in additional fees, charges, or collection activities pursuant to the terms of your loan agreement and as allowable under Tribal and applicable federal law.

*** Big Picture Loans is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tribal Economic Development Holdings, LLC, a wholly owned and operated economic arm and instrumentality of the Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians (“Tribe”), a federally recognized Indian tribe, created for the benefit of the Tribe and operating pursuant to Tribal law. Big Picture Loans is a duly licensed Financial Services Licensee of the Lac Vieux Desert Tribal Financial Services Regulatory Authority, an independent regulatory body of the Tribe, and operates in accordance with the Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians Tribal Consumer Financial Services Regulatory Code, which can be found here: Tribal Consumer Financial Services Regulatory Code.pdf.

If Big Picture Loans approves your loan it will be governed by Tribal law, applicable federal law and your loan agreement. The laws of your resident state may have interest rate limits and other protective laws that are more favorable. If you wish to have your resident state law apply, you should consider taking a loan from a licensed lender in your state. Availability of installment loans are subject to change from time to time as determined by Big Picture Loans.

You can contact us at Support@BigPictureLoans.com or at PO Box 704, Watersmeet, MI 49969-0704. To access a copy of Big Picture Loans Privacy Notice, please click here: Privacy Notice. Any unauthorized reproduction, distribution, or disclosure is prohibited without Big Picture Loans’ express written consent.

Consumer Notice:
Our loans should be used for short-term financial needs only, not as a long-term financial solution. Individuals with credit difficulties should seek credit counseling. For more information, please see our Financial Wellness Page.

