Skip to main content
Check N Go

Payday Loans
California
Not in California? 
Payday Loans up to
$255
Apply Now
Head to our Rates & Terms page to learn more.

Payday Loans / Cash Advances Provide Relief
Sometimes the unexpected catches us by surprise. Everyone faces hardship, and sometimes you need a quick solution to your problems. In situations where you require short-term access to cash on hand, a payday loan can make all the difference.

From fixing a flat tire, to covering an unexpected jump in prescription costs, this kind of loan might be a good option if you’re looking to borrow a small amount. Only you can decide what’s right for you, but before making a decision, be sure to consider whether you can afford to repay a payday loan and its fees on time.

A no cost extended payment plan for your payday loan may be available, subject to state restrictions. For more information about extended payment plan state restrictions, click here.

 What do I need before I apply?
To apply for a loan, you'll need:

Valid and working phone number
Proof of most recent income information
Valid US. Government issued photo ID or driver's license
Proof of routing and account number from an open and active check account, must be active for at least 30 days.
Official documentation of Social Security Number (AL, IN, OK only)
 What is a payday loan or cash advance?
Payday loans, sometimes called cash advances—are quick, simple, and convenient loans with competitive rates and terms. They can make all the difference when you’re in a situation where you need access to money immediately.
 Can I get a payday loan or cash advance with poor or bad credit?
While credit is a factor in the underwriting process, we cannot say if bad or no credit will prevent you from getting approved, so submit your application today for a full review and credit decision.
More Answers to Common Payday Loan Questions

Apply Now
Payday Loans / Cash Advances Make Getting Your Money Simple
Step #1: Orange Apply in Minutes Clock Icon
Apply in Minutes
The process is quick, easy, and secure.
Step #2: Yellow Receive Decision Document Icon
Receive a Decision
If approved, simply eSign and finalize your loan.
Step #3: Green Get Your Money Icon
Get Your Money
Funds are deposited no later than the following business day.*
Step #4: Blue Repay Your Loan Calendar Icon
Repay Your Loan
Pay back the loan amount andany fees you might owe.
Don't just take it from us
Listen to them


WE'D LOVE TO STAY IN TOUCH

Email Address

PRODUCTS
Payday Loans/Cash Advances
Installment Loans
Additional Services
HELP
Contact Us
FAQs
About Us
Blog
Careers
LOCATIONS
Locations
Rates and Terms
Check `n Go
Loans Rates and Terms by State

Select your state below to view important rates, terms, and disclosures unique to the state.


Select Your State
P.O. Box 36454,
Cincinnati, OH 45236-0454
© 2025 Check `n Go. All rights reserved.
Website Usage Terms and Conditions
Online Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice (GLBA)
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Opt-Out Icon
Norton Secured
Proud member of Online Lenders Alliance

Online Disclosures
Customer Notice: Payday Loans are typically for two- to four-week terms. Some borrowers, however, use Payday Loans for several months, which can be expensive. Payday Loans (also referred to as Payday Advances, Cash Advances, Deferred Deposit Transactions/Loans) and high-interest loans should be used for short-term financial needs only and not as a long-term financial solution. Customers with credit difficulties should seek credit counseling before entering into any loan transaction. See State Center for specific information and requirements.

California operations licensed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation pursuant to the California Deferred Deposit Transaction Law. Texas loans originated by a third-party lender, restrictions apply. Eastern Specialty Finance, Inc., D/B/A Check ‘n Go is licensed by the Delaware State Bank Commissioner pursuant to 5 Del. C. sec. 2201 et. al.

Check `n Go Online is not a direct lender in Texas, where instead it acts in the capacity as a Credit Services Organization in conjunction with third-party lenders.

*Active checking account open for at least 30 days. 

*Approval depends upon meeting legal, regulatory and underwriting requirements. If approved and originated by 8:00 pm ET on a business day, online loans are typically funded no later than the following business day. All times and dates are based on Eastern Time (ET). Check `n Go and third-party lenders may, at their discretion, verify application information by using national databases that may provide information from one or more national credit bureaus, and Check `n Go or third-party lenders may take that into consideration in the approval process.

**Transunion CreditView Dashboard is a third party provided service. The material has not been modified or validated by Check `n Go.

Payday Loans in Indiana are available for a maximum of $825 for online loans

We do not report credit in Texas.

Products or services offered to customers may vary based on customer eligibility and applicable state or federal law. All available products subject to applicable lender’s terms and conditions. Actual loan amounts vary. See State Center for specific information and requirements.

Check `n Go currently operates online in: Alabama, California, Delaware, Florida, Idaho, Indiana, Kansas,, Michigan, Missouri, South Carolina, Texas, Utah, and Wisconsin.

Check `n Go currently operates in store locations in: Alabama, Delaware, Idaho, Michigan, Missouri, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, Utah, and Wisconsin.

The Company, individually or through its affiliates, is licensed as a Debt Collector by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation (DFPI), License Number 10435-99.

Notice to California consumers: Information on your privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act can be found by reviewing the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Policy.

